Chris gunnis the rest of the world now
wants to know from Israel how you
justify shelling a un
School uh I must say that you need to
ask this question leadership of Kamas
when you see a terror organization that
is using the most cical way children
women uh to be a human shelter to uh
amount uh amounts of rockets uh that
have only one goal to shoot on the
cities of Israel to uh Herm civilians
just civilians uh they they have no uh
territorial claim from Israel because
Israel made a withow in 2005 but since
then Hamas keeps on shooting rockets on
our cities and our children and
unfortunately Miss hot Valley I have to
say there were no rockets in this school
the UN had removed them before this
offensive began the UN told Israel 17
times of the location of this school
Israel knew there were 3,000 people
Sheltering there again how do you
justify would like to remind you I would
like to remind you since this military
operation has started because Hamas
decided to shoot and fire Israel's
cities and Israel's children uh they
were found thousands thousands of
rockets in chifa in the hospital in G
particular un schools in un schools I
have to correct you in this particular
case we spoke to the UN less than an
hour ago to the man who runs these
schools there were no rockets in that
school there was no warning given to
them and they told Israel 17 times of
the location of the school and who was
there so again I would like to remind
you throughout this military operation
time after time uh Israeli Army found
rockets in those un schools you can't
deny this fact uh specifically if you
can say if if there are mistakes that
are done in a military operations of
course uh are you asking U me if Israel
deliberately is harming children
definitely not Israel is doing
everything in order to prevent those
harms but unfortunately Kamas leadership
at this moment still using the uh
civilians in Gaza uh in order to use
those pictures you you enjoy uh showing
to the world uh instead of using the
Army in Israel that is saying time after
time to the children in
don't cooperate with these people now I
would like to remind you that Israel
didn't go to this military operation uh
uh because we came up in in the morning
and we' decided to go to this military
operation we did that because we needed
to defend ourselves defend our children
10,000 Rockets were shoot to Israel's
border since 2005 those were against
children in Israel in military
elementary schools in Israel many many
hundreds now of children have died
Palestinian children have died there are
not many people in the International
Community who believe now that Israel is
doing its very best not to kill
civilians and what is the most densely
populated part of the world many people
are asking and I'd like you to explain
to us what the moral line is for Israel
now where does it
stop okay
unfortunately um as you know uh there
was an Egyptian offer on the table for a
ceasefire that Kamas refused to accept
time after time Hamas wants to get
reward for the fact it's shooting on our
cities and on our children now I want to
say that Israel can sit quietly and
peacefully if it wouldn't have been
Hamas again trying time after time to
kidnap children uh would like to remind
you that three children were kidnapped
and murdered in the most uh cruel way uh
by Hamas and Time After Time Israel
needs to defend itself now no uh proof
at the moment uh that the international
Comm Community is offering us uh and
after that going to demilitarize
demilitarize so can I can I ask you
about that we have heard from Hamas and
we have heard from fata and Islamic
Jihad as well that they will not accept
any ceasefire offer unless we see a
lifting of the siege of Gaza do you
think that your leader Benjamin
Netanyahu will accept that condition
ever of course not um as you as you know
uh unfortunately uh no one in the world
is doing the work for Israel um if
wouldn't have been our soldiers that now
cleaning Gaza from the terror tunnels so
those T tunnels that were supposed to be
outside of Israel uh as part of uh
elementary schools kindergartens so if
you see Benjamin Netanyahu says he will
not accept this when do you think this
will come to an end how long will this
go on
for uh the truth is if Hamas would have
decided to uh to say I'm not going to
use uh this uh Terror power anymore it
would have stopped unfort we know how
ter organizations working and it doesn't
seem like at the moment when they have
still over 10,000 rockets in Gaza itself
and still there's a work in when it
comes to the tunels uh that now Israel
is working very hard to find each one of
them uh we still need to work on it and
unfortunately no one in the
International Community can promise US
that the day after the ceasefire we
won't have rockets on our cities again
and I would like to offer you to come to
the south side of Israel to Tel Aviv to
Sirens are sound here day after day and
everyone need to be in shelters this is
not a daily life in a normal country a
normal country goes to defend on our
cities